README.md, before:

# Hi I'm Andy 👋

**AI Engineer | Fullstack Engineer | EdTech Engineer | Product Manager | Certified ScrumMaster**

![Cursor](https://img.shields.io/badge/Cursor-000000?logo=cursor)
![Visual Studio](https://custom-icon-badges.demolab.com/badge/Visual%20Studio-5C2D91.svg?&logo=visualstudio&logoColor=white)
![iTerm2](https://img.shields.io/badge/iTerm2-000000?logo=iterm2&logoColor=fff)
![ChatGPT](https://custom-icon-badges.demolab.com/badge/ChatGPT-74aa9c?logo=openai&logoColor=white)
![Codex](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Codex-121212?style=flat-square&logo=openai&logoColor=white)
![Claude](https://img.shields.io/badge/Claude-D97757?logo=claude&logoColor=fff)
![Google Gemini](https://img.shields.io/badge/Google%20Gemini-886FBF?logo=googlegemini&logoColor=fff)
![CLI](https://img.shields.io/badge/-CLI-000000?style=flat-square&logo=gnu-bash&logoColor=white)

> Deep in vibe-coding mode – building AI-powered developer tools at ludicrous speed.

## Current Projects

- 📝 **[SpecNote](https://github.com/TurnpikeWarrior/SpecNote)** - Notepad for AI Engineer _(WIP)_ (Don't worry - I will figure out a better name later)  
- 💰 **[PEROT](https://github.com/TurnpikeWarrior/Perot-Personal-Financial-Advisor)** - A terminal-based Personal Financial Advisor using LancChain
- 🏓 **[Blazin' Paddle](https://github.com/TurnpikeWarrior/ocs-blazingpaddles)** - Pickleball Court Reservation System
- 👻 **[Wraith Watchers](https://github.com/TurnpikeWarrior/oc-wraithwatchers)** - Ghost Sightings Map

_*WIP - Work In Progress_

## GitHub Activity

![GitHub Contribution Graph](https://ghchart.rshah.org/turnpikewarrior)

---

<!-- 
ADD BOOKS
### Books

ADD MADA Activity

I'm huge on volunteerism. 

Explain about my workflow. Obsidian. NotePad. 

Explain AI workflow. 
-->


<!--
**TurnpikeWarrior/turnpikewarrior** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Enhance README with tools and workflow process
Added tools and workflow process sections to README.

README.md, after:

# Hi I'm Andy 👋

**AI Engineer | Fullstack Engineer | EdTech Engineer | Product Manager | Certified ScrumMaster**

![Cursor](https://img.shields.io/badge/Cursor-000000?logo=cursor)
![Visual Studio](https://custom-icon-badges.demolab.com/badge/Visual%20Studio-5C2D91.svg?&logo=visualstudio&logoColor=white)
![iTerm2](https://img.shields.io/badge/iTerm2-000000?logo=iterm2&logoColor=fff)
![ChatGPT](https://custom-icon-badges.demolab.com/badge/ChatGPT-74aa9c?logo=openai&logoColor=white)
![Codex](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Codex-121212?style=flat-square&logo=openai&logoColor=white)
![Claude](https://img.shields.io/badge/Claude-D97757?logo=claude&logoColor=fff)
![Google Gemini](https://img.shields.io/badge/Google%20Gemini-886FBF?logo=googlegemini&logoColor=fff)
![CLI](https://img.shields.io/badge/-CLI-000000?style=flat-square&logo=gnu-bash&logoColor=white)

> Deep in vibe-coding mode – building AI-powered developer tools at ludicrous speed.

## Current Projects

- 📝 **[SpecNote](https://github.com/TurnpikeWarrior/SpecNote)** - Notepad for AI Engineer _(WIP)_ (Don't worry - I will figure out a better name later)  
- 💰 **[PEROT](https://github.com/TurnpikeWarrior/Perot-Personal-Financial-Advisor)** - A terminal-based Personal Financial Advisor using LancChain
- 🏓 **[Blazin' Paddle](https://github.com/TurnpikeWarrior/ocs-blazingpaddles)** - Pickleball Court Reservation System
- 👻 **[Wraith Watchers](https://github.com/TurnpikeWarrior/oc-wraithwatchers)** - Ghost Sightings Map

_*WIP - Work In Progress_

## My Tool of Choice 

- [ChatGPT](https://chatgpt.com/) & [Google AI Studio](https://aistudio.google.com/)
- [Claude Code](https://claude.com/product/claude-code) and [Codex CLI](https://openai.com/codex/)
- [Gemini Nano Banana](https://gemini.google/overview/image-generation/)
- [VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) & [iTerm2](https://iterm2.com/)
- [Wispr Flow](https://wisprflow.ai/)
- [SpecNote](https://github.com/TurnpikeWarrior/SpecNote) & [Obsidian](https://obsidian.md/)

## Workflow Process
1. Jot ideas in SpecNote. 
2. Spitball ideas with ChatGPT & Google AI Studio.
3. Create specification file.
4. Cook it with Claude Code or Codex CLI.
5. Reiterate.
6. Ship it to Vercel or Netlify.

## GitHub Activity

![GitHub Contribution Graph](https://ghchart.rshah.org/turnpikewarrior)

---

<!-- 
ADD BOOKS
### Books

ADD MADA Activity

I'm huge on volunteerism. 

Explain about my workflow. Obsidian. NotePad. 

Explain AI workflow. 
-->


<!--
**TurnpikeWarrior/turnpikewarrior** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
